Add Version History for jQuery (#939)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/58 jQuery Components/80 Version History.md

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>DevExtreme</th>
        <th>jQuery</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>
            v20.1.x <br/>
            v19.2.x <br/>
            v19.1.x <br/>
            v18.2.x <br/>
            v18.1.x <br/>
            v17.2.x <br/>
            v17.1.x
        </td>
        <td>v2.1 - v2.2 and v3.x</td>
    </tr>
</table>

> [note] Although earlier versions are supported, we recommend that you use jQuery v3.5.1 to guard against <a href="https://snyk.io/vuln/npm:jquery" target="_blank">vulnerabilities</a> found in those earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] Although earlier versions are supported, we recommend that you use jQuery v3.5.1 to protect against <a href="https://snyk.io/vuln/npm:jquery" target="_blank">vulnerabilities</a> found in earlier versions.
```
